runtime: add support for transaction priority and weights (#3965)
oasisprotocol/oasis-core: .changelog/3965.cfg.md

go/worker/compute: remove `schedule_check_tx.enabled` flag

> Runtime executor workers now always call check-tx before scheduling runtime
> transactions. The option to disable check-tx for runtime transactions is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime executor workers now always call CheckTx before scheduling runtime
transactions. The option to disable CheckTx for runtime transactions is
```
